oh look at that yeah yeah I see yeah see
I just got this eye shine coming back up
it
the fusa has a long live elegant form
but its ferocity gives it the power of
an animal many times its size this is my
first time face to face with a fossa and
suddenly I'm not sure if I want to be
this close Russa will take on prey at
least as big as themselves and she's
clearly not frightened of me this is
such a rare sight we are so lucky
I think she's heading towards she's
gonna head towards the garbage she is
she's heading towards the rubbish tip
look at that
as she leaves she drags scent lands
around her bottom along the ground so
other fusa will know she's been here and
that's the part of the rubbishing she's
heading off that way
she disappears off into the darkness and
vanishes has she given us the slip
so somebody check and I the other path
okay for double back it's all hands on
deck we really want to find that boo sir
just as we thought
she's at the rubbish pit not even
remotely bothered by the sound of our
noisey generator to find out more about
these rare animals scientists put radio
collars on some of them and you can see
one around this females neck
maybe seems like a weird place to
encounter a fusa they're known as being
ferocious hunters and killers and
they're not stupid
they get the chance of an easy meal then
they'll take it and right here this
rubbish tip is full of protein rich food
and also the cockroaches that feed on it
and right now all she's doing is saving
herself the energy of having to hunt
she's heading off into the thorn thicket
my unfortunately I don't think I can
follow her through that much too dense
can't believe we got our first glimpse
of a fee sir but it's late so he called
it a night